{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green24\blue24;\red228\green234\blue244;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12157\c12157\c12157;\cssrgb\c91373\c93333\c96471;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww27900\viewh13360\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl192\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs36 Author : Sandeep Kumar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl192\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
kumarjpsandeep@gmail.com\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl192\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://scholar.google.co.in/citations?user=QSv4zPMAAAAJ&hl=en"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 https://scholar.google.co.in/citations?user=QSv4zPMAAAAJ&hl=en}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Introduction:
\f0\b0 \uc0\u8232 This repository is developed for analyzing S-parameter data of GaN HEMTs. However, the provided programs are designed to be broadly applicable and are expected to function with transistors fabricated using other material technologies such as Si, GaAs, and Ga\u8322 O\u8323 .\

\f1\b How to Run:
\f0\b0 \
The repository includes three Python programs labeled 
\f1\b 1_
\f0\b0 , 
\f1\b 2_
\f0\b0 , and 
\f1\b 3_
\f0\b0 , which must be executed sequentially. Program 
\f1\b 1_
\f0\b0  is run first, its output serves as the input for Program 
\f1\b 2_
\f0\b0 , and the output from Program 
\f1\b 2_
\f0\b0  is subsequently used as the input for Program 
\f1\b 3_
\f0\b0 .\

\f1\b Program \'931_HEMT_ft_fmax_os_de-embedding\'94
\f0\b0 \uc0\u8232 This program performs Open\'96Short de-embedding using the scikit-rf (skrf) library to eliminate parasitic effects from the Device Under Test (DUT). It requires three measurement files (.s2p format):\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 DUT with CPW pads\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Open structure\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Short structure\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The program generates several plots and produces a de-embedded DUT .s2p file after parasitic removal.\

\f1\b Program \'932_HEMT_de-embedding\'94
\f0\b0 \uc0\u8232 This program uses the de-embedded DUT .s2p files to extract various transistor parameters. The implemented methodology follows the approaches described in the publications listed below. The program outputs multiple plots along with a .csv file containing all extracted transistor parameters, which are later used as input for Program 3.\
Dambrine, Gilles, et al., 
\f2\i IEEE Transactions on Microwave Theory and Techniques
\f0\i0 , 36.7 (1988): 1151\'961159.\uc0\u8232 Berroth, Manfred, and Roland Bosch, 
\f2\i IEEE Transactions on Microwave Theory and Techniques
\f0\i0 , 39.2 (2002): 224\'96229.\uc0\u8232 Brady, Ronan G., Christopher H. Oxley, and Thomas J. Brazil, 
\f2\i IEEE Transactions on Microwave Theory and Techniques
\f0\i0 , 56.7 (2008): 1535\'961544.\

\f1\b Program \'933_HEMT_de-embedding_veri\'94
\f0\b0 \uc0\u8232 This program simulates the transistor\'92s equivalent circuit model and compares its frequency-dependent S-parameters with the Open\'96Short de-embedded measurement data. An iterative optimization procedure is implemented to achieve the best agreement between the measured data and the simulated circuit response.\
Sample .s2p files are also included in the repository to assist users in understanding the workflow.\
The 
\f1\b device.s2p
\f0\b0  file used in Program 1 corresponds to a transistor with a small gate periphery, whereas the datasets used in Programs 2 and 3 represent a transistor with a long gate periphery.\
}